♪
c0000001
[wind whooshing]
c0000002
[FERN]
Mistress Frieren.
c0000003
You took your time.
c0000004
So, you defeated Aura.
c0000005
♪
c0000006
I don't believe what I see.
c0000007
I thought this day
would never come.
c0000008
-[FRIEREN] Hurry along.
-Hm.
c0000009
Stop there.
Don't flee on my behalf.
c0000010
Good news! The old softie
said he would pardon you.
c0000011
[GRANAT] It must have
been a fierce battle,
c0000012
but none of them
are seriously damaged.
c0000013
♪
c0000014
I thank you...
c0000015
for treating
the long-fallen heroes
c0000016
of the Northern Lands
with such immense respect.
c0000017
[birds chirping]
c0000018
[FRIEREN] I used to cast
flashy and destructive spells,
c0000019
but Himmel would
always throw a fit.
c0000020
The man had every right to.
c0000021
We should all respect the dead.
c0000022
I'd be angry, too.
c0000023
For all I've learned
about your nature,
c0000024
Mister Himmel trained you well.
c0000025
You mustn't say it like that.
c0000026
Though I do suppose
you have a point.
c0000027
♪
c0000028
This is a perfectly normal
reaction.
c0000029
[FERN]
What do you mean by that?
c0000030
[FRIEREN]
Just talking to myself.
c0000031
Fern? Stark?
c0000032
Good work besting Lugner
and his lackey.
c0000033
I'm proud.
c0000034
[chuckles]
c0000035
c0000036
[FRIEREN] Though
I would be more impressed
c0000037
if you weren't so beat up.
c0000038
[STARK] This is normal stuff
for a warrior.
c0000039
[FERN] Just what does
normal mean to you?
c0000040
[FRIEREN]
You look like death itself.
c0000041
See they receive
proper burials.
c0000042
I can escort
our heroes from here.
c0000043
Sir.
c0000044
[MALE GUARD 11B]
Milord.
c0000045
What is it?
c0000046
♪
c0000047
[GRANAT]
Frieren.
c0000048
I've never been so grateful
as I am to you today.
c0000049
♪
c0000050
[indistinct chatter]
c0000051
[GRANAT] Frieren, for that
all you've done for our city,
c0000052
I vowed to repay you
in any way I could.
c0000053
You requested one thing.
c0000054
Flamme's grimoire detailing
the defensive barrier,
c0000055
an artifact that's been
passed down my family tree
c0000056
for generations on end.
c0000057
Before it's too late
to take back your request,
c0000058
you should know this grimoire--
c0000059
I know. It's fake.
c0000060
That's correct.
c0000061
Though it does describe
a type of barrier,
c0000062
it's nothing like the one
that protects our walls.
c0000063
That spell is passed by tongue.
c0000064
I am well aware of that,
my lord.
c0000065
It's just for a hobby of mine.
c0000066
I see.
c0000067
Whatever the case,
there's no reason
c0000068
to be so formal with me.
c0000069
Through your eyes,
I must look like a babe
c0000070
fresh out of the cradle.
c0000071
I've known better
than to test nobility
c0000072
since my departure to defeat
the Demon King.
c0000073
That sounds right.
c0000074
Master Heiter
mentioned the capital,
c0000075
how disrespecting nobility
there is punishable by death.
c0000076
Himmel and Eisen
nearly lost their heads
c0000077
for daring to speak so casually
to His Majesty.
c0000078
Takes me back.
c0000079
[FRIEREN] Proud Himmel
whimpering like a kitten.
c0000080
[chuckles] Execution sounds
like overkill, don't ya think?
c0000081
[GRANAT]
And watch your tone with me.
c0000082
The way that you've spoken
thus far is a serious offense.
c0000083
[STARK]
Sorry, old-timer.
c0000084
You better kiss
your fancy chair goodbye.
c0000085
Wow, I'm glad you aren't like
c0000086
those barbaric
central-landers, milord.
c0000087
-[chuckles]
-[door thuds]
c0000088
You've gotta be kidding me!
c0000089
My work is done.
Trees are pruned.
c0000090
-Thank you.
-[door creaking]
c0000091
Don't worry, kid.
c0000092
I only said that
so you wouldn't waste
c0000093
valuable time saving me.
c0000094
I won't chop your head off
or throw you in jail
c0000095
for forgetting your sirs
and ma'ams.
c0000096
So relax, adventurers.
c0000097
Much appreciated.
c0000098
Say thank you.
You're the one who...
c0000099
[gasps]
c0000100
[FERN]
He's petrified.
c0000101
♪
c0000102
[GRANAT] Naturally, I told
the townsfolk of Aura's defeat.
c0000103
Of course, they all want
a chance to honor their heroes.
c0000104
I do hope you'll linger
a while.
c0000105
[door creaks]
c0000106
[indistinct chatter]
c0000107
Woah! He's floating.
c0000108
[indistinct chatter]
c0000109
Come on, I did
what anybody would do.
c0000110
♪
c0000111
[sword clinking]
c0000112
[STARK]
The shopping's all done.
c0000113
[FERN] Perfect.
Are we ready to go?
c0000114
-[GRANAT] Leaving so soon?
-[both gasp]
c0000115
A shame.
c0000116
[FRIEREN]
Graf Granat.
c0000117
[GRANAT] Please, allow me
to see you to the gates.
c0000118
Frieren.
c0000119
I hear you're
traveling to Ende,
c0000120
home to the Demon King's castle
c0000121
and as far north
as you can get.
c0000122
You should know conditions
on the Northern Plateau
c0000123
right now won't make
for easy passage.
c0000124
Travel is heavily restricted.
c0000125
Even the most experienced
adventurers
c0000126
must be accompanied
by a first-class mage.
c0000127
[FERN]
Then we'll be fine.
c0000128
Clearly,
Mistress Frieren qualifies.
c0000129
[FRIEREN] What do you mean,
first-class mage?
c0000130
[FERN]
Very funny.
c0000131
You must know...
c0000132
it's a certification awarded
c0000133
by the
Continental Magic Association.
c0000134
[FRIEREN]
A certification?
c0000135
[FERN] I got mine right before
we left the holy capital.
c0000136
See? This declares me
a certified third-class mage.
c0000137
[FRIEREN]
Come to think of it,
c0000138
I do remember
you having some business.
c0000139
This is what your generation's
certificates look like?
c0000140
[FERN] Mistress Frieren,
please don't tell me
c0000141
you're an unlicensed,
underground mage.
c0000142
[FRIEREN]
You make it sound like
c0000143
I'm some back-alley doctor.
c0000144
The organizations that regulate
mages are constantly changing.
c0000145
I can't obtain
a new certification
c0000146
every time they bat an eye.
c0000147
I imagine the usefulness
c0000148
of this holy emblem
has expired.
c0000149
[FERN]
That would sell as an antique.
c0000150
[STARK]
Even I know about
c0000151
the Continental
Magic Association.
c0000152
They've been around
for over half a century,
c0000153
at the very least.
c0000154
[FRIEREN]
Exactly. No time at all.
c0000155
It's a hassle when they change
their standards of conduct
c0000156
so frequently.
c0000157
[FERN] In any case, we need
to solve this problem
c0000158
if we want to continue.
c0000159
I don't know the name
of the exact town,
c0000160
but if I remember correctly,
there's a place up North
c0000161
where she could take
the exam, right?
c0000162
That'd be
the largest magical city
c0000163
in the Northern Lands.
c0000164
Its name is AuBerst.
c0000165
It's far past
the Schwer Mountains.
c0000166
You could follow
the beaten path,
c0000167
but your journey
would be arduously long.
c0000168
♪
c0000169
Frieren.
c0000170
The House of Granat
will never forget
c0000171
what you've done.
c0000172
Safe travels.
c0000173
♪
c0000174
Huh?
c0000175
Hey, it's snowing.
c0000176
It is almost winter.
c0000177
[FRIEREN]
An incredibly bitter season
c0000178
around these parts.
c0000179
Make light of it
and you're dead.
c0000180
Will it really be
that dangerous?
c0000181
So, you aren't aware?
c0000182
In the war
against the Demon King,
c0000183
it wasn't the enemy
that took the most lives,
c0000184
but the winters
of the Northern Lands.
c0000185
[wind whooshing]
c0000186
Oh, goody.
Seems we're next.
c0000187
[thudding]
c0000188
[FRIEREN]
What now?
c0000189
[wind whooshing]
c0000190
[FRIEREN]
We're lost.
c0000191
And worse still, we're lost
before even entering
c0000192
the Schwer Mountains.
c0000193
How pitiful.
c0000194
[patting]
c0000195
Mister Stark,
you need to wake up!
c0000196
-Sleeping will kill you!
-[groans]
c0000197
You really expect me to believe
the jumbo-berry special
c0000198
has always been this small?
c0000199
We have bigger issues
than that.
c0000200
What should we do?
c0000201
The strength of the wind
c0000202
takes any sort
of magical transportation
c0000203
out of the question.
c0000204
He'd be blown across the sky.
c0000205
Then I suppose
we'll have to carry him.
c0000206
♪
c0000207
Goodness.
c0000208
He's a lot heavier
than I thought he would be.
c0000209
[STARK]
You smell nice.
c0000210
[FERN]
Can we just leave him?
c0000211
[FRIEREN]
Not quite yet.
c0000212
There should be
an emergency shelter
c0000213
at the foot of the mountains.
c0000214
[FERN] And you know this
from 80 years ago?
c0000215
Are you sure
it'll still be there?
c0000216
♪
c0000217
[FRIEREN]
Excellent.
c0000218
It looks to me like it's being
maintained quite regularly.
c0000219
-[grunting]
-Somebody must've
c0000220
gotten here before us.
c0000221
We don't know
if they're friend or foe.
c0000222
At this point, who cares?
c0000223
I'd take either
over freezing to death.
c0000224
-[door creaks]
-[grunts]
c0000225
Yup! Heating up!
c0000226
I'm warmer already!
c0000227
[grunts]
c0000228
Pardon the intrusion.
c0000229
-[grunts]
-[door closes]
c0000230
Not a chance.
We need to keep looking around.
c0000231
-We cannot stay here.
-Huh? Why not?
c0000232
[FERN] Because there's
a pervert inside.
c0000233
-[door creaks]
-Pervert, you say?
c0000234
That's not nice.
c0000235
[FERN]
Come on, Mistress Frieren.
c0000236
-Let's go.
-Huh?
c0000237
Hold on.
c0000238
-Are you an elf?
-[gasps]
c0000239
[wind whooshing]
c0000240
[fire crackling]
c0000241
[KRAFT]
It's been about 300 years
c0000242
since I've met
another of my kind.
c0000243
I thought the last of the elves
had already died out.
c0000244
I thought so, too.
c0000245
Thank you, miss.
I appreciate the fire.
c0000246
Sure.
c0000247
I'm lucky that it was you mages
who knocked at the door.
c0000248
The Goddess must've
led you straight to me.
c0000249
I made it through
the Schwer Mountains,
c0000250
but as you'd expect,
this blizzard put out my coals.
c0000251
The hut was a great find,
but freezing nonetheless.
c0000252
I was doing squats
to stay alive.
c0000253
I understand.
c0000254
Well, I suppose that
makes one of us, then.
c0000255
Anyway, I'm Kraft the Monk.
c0000256
Pleasure. I'm Frieren the Mage.
c0000257
I'm Fern, and I'm also a mage.
c0000258
That's Mister Stark
the Warrior.
c0000259
[KRAFT] You mentioned
heading to Aureole?
c0000260
So, you're on a journey
to heaven?
c0000261
Good on you lot.
Most folks aren't so pious.
c0000262
I'll believe it when I see it.
c0000263
-[FERN] Mistress Frieren?
-Huh?
c0000264
He keeps getting even colder.
c0000265
♪
c0000266
[STARK]
So warm and so cozy.
c0000267
Huh, check it out.
c0000268
Now that's the jumbo-berry
special I remember.
c0000269
Hold on. What happened to me?
c0000270
Last I remember,
we got caught in a blizzard?
c0000271
Huh?
c0000272
Who the heck are you?
c0000273
[gasps]
c0000274
Must you be so noisy?
c0000275
That's no way to thank someone
for donating their body heat.
c0000276
I saved your life.
c0000277
With your body heat?
c0000278
Oh, wow.
Nice body for an old guy.
c0000279
Well, that was blunt.
c0000280
Can I not appreciate
a man's hard work?
c0000281
It's obvious he's been
training for decades.
c0000282
Those abs.
You must be seriously strong.
c0000283
I'm Stark. You are?
c0000284
They call me Kraft the Monk.
c0000285
I can't say
I've ever heard of you,
c0000286
but you must be super famous
in the monk world, right?
c0000287
[chuckles]
c0000288
Stark, you should stay
and rest a bit longer.
c0000289
You two can help me
bring in some food supplies.
c0000290
My wagon and cargo
shouldn't be too far.
c0000291
Running in to you
was a real blessing.
c0000292
I have enough supplies here
to last us for a long while.
c0000293
Please, use anything
you'd like.
c0000294
That's quite the stockpile
you've got.
c0000295
Trying to cross
the Schwer Mountains
c0000296
in these conditions
would be suicide.
c0000297
I'm afraid that we're stuck
where we are.
c0000298
[KRAFT]
I'm curious, Frieren.
c0000299
Do you have any idea who I am?
c0000300
[FRIEREN]
Not in the slightest.
c0000301
[KRAFT]
I didn't think so.
c0000302
I don't know the first thing
about you, either.
c0000303
She's the mage from the party
that killed the Demon King.
c0000304
-And before that?
-Hm?
c0000305
What is it you're getting at?
c0000306
Just that you and I are elves,
I suppose.
c0000307
♪
c0000308
[KRAFT] [sighs] It's been
nearly six months now.
c0000309
Thanks to you all,
we did what most can't
c0000310
and survived a grueling winter
in the Northern Lands.
c0000311
Take this.
c0000312
Please, give it to Fern for me,
will you?
c0000313
A fitting token for a girl
as pious as she is.
c0000314
I guess being raised
by a priest
c0000315
would do that to a person.
c0000316
She never forgets
to thank the Goddess.
c0000317
Will you explain to me why you
believe in the Goddess, Kraft?
c0000318
On one condition.
You explain why you don't.
c0000319
[FRIEREN]
I find it incredibly odd that,
c0000320
if you exclude
the age of mythology,
c0000321
the Goddess of Creation
hasn't shown herself once
c0000322
in the massively long history
of this world.
c0000323
You're still young.
c0000324
I used to think
the very same way.
c0000325
But these days,
I believe the Goddess exists
c0000326
from the bottom of my heart.
c0000327
No.
c0000328
It's more like
I need her to exist.
c0000329
Everyone else who knew
of my righteous triumphs,
c0000330
my acts of justice,
they're long gone.
c0000331
But when I die,
I'll go to heaven,
c0000332
and there, the Goddess
will praise me at last.
c0000333
"You've done well, Kraft.
I'm proud.
c0000334
The life you lived
was one of great worth.
c0000335
Good job."
c0000336
You understand, Frieren.
c0000337
Your path in life
has not been easy.
c0000338
For no one to remember,
everything you've done
c0000339
is painful and cruel.
c0000340
To even reach this moment now,
c0000341
we have lived lives
and lives on end.
c0000342
[FRIEREN]
Kraft.
c0000343
Being remembered is something
we all selfishly desire.
c0000344
You're right.
c0000345
And how does heaven
play into that picture?
c0000346
[thudding]
c0000347
♪
c0000348
It's no matter.
c0000349
Tell me about your life
and I'll tell you about mine.
c0000350
I think every soul needs
someone to praise them.
c0000351
So if you don't have
the Goddess,
c0000352
then I'll do it instead.
c0000353
[HEITER]
Are you surprised?
c0000354
[FRIEREN]
Absolutely.
c0000355
I didn't think you the type
to fund the reconstruction
c0000356
of some little village's
orphanage.
c0000357
[laughs]
c0000358
At least you're honest.
c0000359
You know,
I was an orphan once, too.
c0000360
When my time here ends,
I'd like to believe
c0000361
the Goddess will praise me
for a life righteously lived.
c0000362
Are these really
such talks to have
c0000363
with a drink in your hand,
O corrupt priest?
c0000364
-[HEITER] Frieren?
-Hm?
c0000365
I have to ask,
c0000366
do you feel that you have
someone to praise you?
c0000367
Wherever did that come from?
c0000368
I just wonder.
c0000369
Who's there to celebrate you
c0000370
if you don't believe
in the Goddess?
c0000371
I'm sure you've figured it out,
c0000372
but if not, perhaps I could
praise you instead.
c0000373
I haven't done very much
with my life at all.
c0000374
Certainly nothing
I'd consider praiseworthy.
c0000375
And what about the constant
suppression of your mana?
c0000376
If you ask me, the power
to do what you do
c0000377
seems like the result
of tremendous effort.
c0000378
Such skill would take
a lifetime to acquire.
c0000379
[FRIEREN]
You could tell?
c0000380
[HEITER] We've traveled
together for years!
c0000381
Now, tell me
the story of it all.
c0000382
I can assure you
it's not interesting.
c0000383
I truly don't mind.
c0000384
And besides, it might
come in handy someday.
c0000385
-How's that?
-Oh, who can say?
c0000386
Perhaps I'll have a child
who becomes a mage
c0000387
and can make use
of the knowledge.
c0000388
[FRIEREN] I thought that
priests couldn't marry.
c0000389
[Heiter laughs]
c0000390
[chuckles] I can't put
my finger on why,
c0000391
but the Goddess attracts
the strangest of people.
c0000392
Afraid I must pass.
c0000393
I've had someone praise me
enough for a lifetime.
c0000394
[chuckles]
I see.
c0000395
You are lucky
to have good friends.
c0000396
So, please, cherish them.
c0000397
Well, it's too late, he's...
c0000398
♪
c0000399
He's already made his way
to heaven.
c0000400
[KRAFT] No trouble,
for you'll meet again.
c0000401
Yes. You're right.
c0000402
Well, I'm headed this way.
c0000403
Frieren?
c0000404
This isn't the last time
we'll meet.
c0000405
I'll see you
in a century or two.
c0000406
Take care of yourself, old man!
c0000407
Nice getting to know you!
c0000408
[FERN]
Thank you for the pendant!
c0000409
It means very much to me!
c0000410
[STARK'S DAD] His spotless
white cloak proves
c0000411
he's the strongest warrior
in the village.
c0000412
[FERN] Pervert.
c0000413
[HIMMEL]
But we're not warriors.
c0000414
[STOLTZ] Don't tell father
and the others.
c0000415
[FRIEREN]
He was a real hero.